[THEME MUSIC]
>> EMERY SMITH: Today on Cosmic
Disclosure, we are with Tim,
who is speaking with
us from Germany.
Tim is a tactical advisor in
the covert governance in Germany
that's related to
extraterrestrial life.
Tim, welcome to the show.
>> TIM: Thank you
for having me again.
>> EMERY: Tim, what
is the Council of 7?
>> TIM: So the Council of 7 is
actually a diplomatic but also
military group that comes from
an ET presence that is actually
heading down information
from Level 7 consciousness,
which is super
high consciousness.
If we're thinking
about timelines,
it's quite far away from us, so
reaching down those information
to human groups but also
quite a number of ET groups.
>> EMERY: Before
we discuss Level 7,
who are the groups that are
communicating with right now?
>> TIM: Every group on Earth,
mainstream group or advanced
group that has an arrow symbol
in their logo is actually part
of Council 7, Council of 7, or
communicating with the Council
of 7.
This is true for quite a number
of space-related agencies
in the US and China,
Germany, Europe as well,
and you name it.
So it can be found all
over the Earth actually.
>> EMERY: Now, Tim, are you
saying these are the human
groups with the arrow or
A-shaped logo and many space
programs around the world
and not specifically
extraterrestrials?
>> TIM: So the original
source of the Council of 7,
it's a very high intelligence
ET and they give information
and strategic orders and advices
down to a pyramid shape in that
way, down to different
other groups.
And you will find the logo
and this very specific arrow--
it's very significant
in that way,
you're going to find
it all over the place.
And basically, seemingly
unrelated organizations
that might even geopolitically
oppose each other
are all sharing the same symbol.
>> EMERY: Let's start at the top
of the pyramid and get a step
by step breakdown of all
the lifeforms involved.
>> TIM: OK, so the top of the
pyramid is, again, a very high,
ET presence.
Officially, the only
life form that we
know that exists in
this universe right
now at Level 7
consciousness, which
is if you want to define
it, the God consciousness.
It could also be put into
timeline terms if you want,
and then it's something
that is very, very distant
and far away from what we're
currently experiencing but it's
still drawing in those timelines
that we're experiencing right
now.
From our perspective,
this ET presence
forms around what we
perceive as Saturn.
>> EMERY: Tim, why do you use
the term God consciousness
or source if it is something
that evolves as in the example
of Level 7 emerging from
something more refined?
How do you understand that?
>> TIM: So basically, in
the beginning of all those
projects, we were assuming that
the universe only has octave
of consciousness levels.
So each consciousness
level was a model
to refine and to declare
on which kind of stage
of consciousness you are.
Usually, we only Level
3 consciousness beings
on this planet, but of
course it goes higher.
But we also came across quite
recently, the assumption
that there are even more
layers than Level 7, Level 8.
But for me, it's
super hard to define
what's going to happen in
those distant far reality.
So basically at Level
8 consciousness,
everything seems to set up
into quite a new universe
in that way.
So Level 7 consciousness is
even higher than being 6.
And mostly the ultimate
moment of the story
that we are perceiving
right now in this universe.
One thing that I want to
note, too, is that something
that we also described as
Christ consciousness is also--
at least this is what the
Zeta Reticuli and the Greys
define as coming from Saturn,
from this Council of 7.
So it's those biblical
stories that we
have around Christ and the
Christ consciousness in a very
spiritual and very complex
way also originates
from this point in
location of time.
>> EMERY: Aside from Jesus
as an example of the highest
consciousness, are
there any more examples?
>> TIM: I would say it's super
abstract from the derived
biblical and religious
concepts that we have on Earth.
Everything I know about
it is from pretty advanced
but complex spiritual concepts
that beings from Orion have.
So basically, if we're talking
about the Zeta Reticuli
and Greys, for example,
they do have something
that we would call
spirituality in some way,
even it's way more advanced
and very exotic to us.
But their story, which
is super alien, actually,
to what we perceive, what we
would call Christ consciousness
is actually coming from
this being around Saturn
and it's currently being
hauled back and isolated
around this planet,
waiting for a moment
where it can spread
over the whole galaxy.
And it doesn't have
anything actually
to do with the religious
or biblical assumption
that we have around the historic
or mystical figure of Jesus.
>> EMERY: Are they located
on and around Saturn?
>> TIM: What we know is that the
Council of 7 around Saturn is
actually the first life form
in the solar system and beyond
that actually reached
this very, very high level
of consciousness.
That doesn't mean that there
aren't other forms of life that
will also reach Level
7 consciousness, which
will totally create different
pathways for the universe.
But as we know, it's the highest
successful point and location
inside and outside of time that
exists at this very moment.
>> EMERY: As the
pyramid descends,
how do we get to
the Council of 7?
And who are the members?
>> TIM: So if we're
talking about this galaxy,
the official representative
in 3D actually is the Council
of Andromeda.
This is the 3D
representation of what's
going on in Level
7 consciousness,
and they are actually in
contact with different groups
among the stars and on Earth.
And basically on Earth,
this is way down the line
but then you find all these
different space agencies,
different military organizations
that all carry the triangle
shape in the logo.
>> EMERY: So far we have
the Greys, the Zetas,
and the Andromedans.
Who else makes up the 7?
>> TIM: They're not
composed of seven groups,
they're actually composed of
millions of groups in that kind
of way.
It's still a pyramid
shape bringing down
the order and advices coming
from the Council of 7.
But being 6, for example, is one
of the members of them as well.
So they also report to Saturn.
At that moment, we're
reaching realms of existence
that are so exotic and far
away that definitions of life
are really hard to make.
So if we are talking about
3D representation of it,
then the Council of Andromeda
is the official representative
of the Council of 7.
And the number 7 actually
comes from the highest state
of frequential
harmony and actually
the logo also refers to that.
>> EMERY: What is the
significance of Saturn you keep
referring to, Tim?
>> TIM: Basically, planets in
itself are life forms as well.
So if we take the sun
in its original form
and not in the way that from
our perspective receive it,
then we would see
that the sun is
actually in this solar
system the first giver
of consciousness.
And that is actually where you
see the ancient Egyptians, why
you see the Sumerians, why
you see all those Mayans
and different other ancient
civilizations actually paying
respect and worshiping this
solar entity in this way.
Because they all understand
that consciousness actually
comes from the solar activity.
If we think outside of the
box of our own reality, then
the planet itself is part of
this harmonious field that
curves around the solar system.
And from their perspective,
they have an enhanced reality,
enhanced perception of
Saturn, and it's not
only a planet anymore or
life sphere, it's much more.
It's its own reality and its own
entity, its own sentient being.
>> EMERY: When you speak about
Saturn as a sentient being,
is it a different reality?
>> TIM: It is used as a base but
it's also a different reality.
So if you think of a very
enhanced moment of perception
and reality, then you
will see that they
create their own reality
field around that.
But on this level of
perception and the way
that we as 3D, 4D,
5D beings receive it,
it's also been used as a
tangible 3D manifestation
basis and a location in time.
>> EMERY: Who are the beings
who lived on or around Saturn?
>> TIM: I don't know if there
are beings living on Saturn
but what we know is that
the planet itself is a kind
of a location in order to
make meetings possible.
The Council of 7 has
also been understood
as a very tangible and
physical reality where
gatekeepers, I think it's
what the translation would be,
more or less
holographically portrayed
and people enter
that field and have
direct communication with them.
And also, the ring
around Saturn is
supposed to be some kind of
defensive barrier with a lot
of infrastructure in it.
>> EMERY: So there isn't a
dominant species living around
or on Saturn in the same way as
humans are the dominant species
on Earth?
>> TIM: Well, we know that some
kind of life form is living
there.
I don't know if it's a 3D form.
I don't know if there
are houses in that way,
if you understand me.
So I don't know if
that is the case.
What we know is that just as
much as we have space stations
around the planet Earth,
there's a lot of infrastructure
around planet Saturn.
>> EMERY: This
infrastructure around Saturn,
who placed it there
and who maintains it?
>> TIM: Good question.
So it's basically not been
placed there by humans.
I have no information
about who placed it there
but it's maintained by
the Galactic Federation.
Basically, all those
members are actually
part of the Council of
7 and they are actually
doing the maintenance work.
>> EMERY: What is the
role of the Council of 7
>> TIM: So the role of the
Council of 7 is to draw
in as many species, races, and
beings so they can have this
unified field that combines
all possible realities.
That might be very
abstract to understand,
but if you want to see
it from our perspective,
then again we have this problem
in the universe in duality,
actually, because this
is a dualistic universe
or version of the universe that
things are opposing each other.
So you always have some kind
of conflict or differences
in opinions.
So planet Saturn
or the Council of 7
actually gives allowance to
certain missions to take place.
Whenever, for example, a
being contacts another being.
If you, for example,
take an ET species
that appears on planet Earth
or goes into contact work
in that field.
So they always have
to get their allowance
from the Council of 7.
>> EMERY: For how long have
they been interacting with
humankind?
>> TIM: Well, so they exceeded
the need for time in that way.
So at Level 6 consciousness,
which is the level of the--
realm of non-existence, we don't
have to deal with time anymore.
So at Level 7 consciousness,
they understand themselves
as just a form of history
or a book to be filled up
or something.
So they think of
themselves as ageless
and they are actually, as much
as the universe is ageless.
So you can think of billions and
billions and billions of years.
If you want to think of
linear timeline in that way.
>> EMERY: As we grasp this
concept of what you're sharing,
would it be fair to say that
a Level 7 must express through
many different aspects for it
to integrate the 3D on Earth?
>> TIM: Absolutely, so at least
in the form of Council of 7,
that is very true.
And the best concept, still
it's not the perfect concept,
is to think of God in that way.
So it's more or less a
God-like consciousness
but it's still not
the unified source.
So source is still even
above the Council of 7.
But if you want to-- if you
really want to use a term
and separate it from the
cultural perception of it
and all those connotations
that come along with it, then
you could say it's
God consciousness.
>> EMERY: On Earth, would that
consciousness be reflected
through the great avatars
depicted in various religions?
>> TIM: So while they
are using gatekeepers,
which are holographic very tall
beings that actually make up
this or form this Council of
7 in order to get information
from this very, very high field,
I would say that the mystical
aspects of those stories that
we have on Earth are, yeah,
they're filled up with confusion
and a lot of misinformation
in that field.
So it's not quite
clear the same.
But yes, whenever you
think of certain deities
or certain events taking
place, then ultimately this
is all coming from
the Council of 7
because they are actually
the first and the only being
that we know of that is actually
deciding upon the reality.
And because they have a strict
plan on how everything needs
to take place, they are
actually allowing or denying
certain events and incidents.
>> EMERY: What other examples
do we see from the Council of 7
on Earth?
>> TIM: So to be very exact
and to think from their point
of view, then everything.
Everything.
You mean everything
else is actually coming
from their consciousness.
So if you want to
think about it,
then in terms of consciousness,
cosmic consciousness, then
the first
representation of source
itself is the sun as the
primal giver of consciousness,
which is why it's worshiped.
And then the first
manifestation of consciousness,
the first form of it
is the Council of 7.
And then everything
else forms around
through this kind
of reality field.
>> EMERY: Is the Council of 7
manifesting mostly from Saturn
as opposed to other planets?
>> TIM: Well, so the underlying
structure is they use planet
Saturn as a manifestation place
in order to get in contact
and reach down information.
But their approach to reality
is that they are this cloud
of reality that we perceive.
So everything is
actually the Council of 7
from that point of view.
So you are the Council of
7, I am the Council of 7,
and everything else
is the Council of 7.
But again, it only takes one
or another one consciousness
to break out of that and to
form their own reality field
and become a Level
7 consciousness,
and then suddenly we have two
live forms of forms of life,
and then that would
create a whole new dynamic
because then you have
another dualistic universe.
>> EMERY: You mentioned
the importance of creating
stability and duality.
Can you explain the
significance of that?
>> TIM: Yes, 100%.
So this is actually
the number one function
of the Council of 7,
which is to balance out
the tangible and hands-on
experiences of opposing forces,
paradoxes, and conflicts.
So basically, what
their approach was,
and this is shown in the logo
because the logo does not only
have this one arrow that
points towards heaven,
but it's also half of that
arrow that's pointing down.
So what they want
to share is this
is actually the representation
of yin and yang in that way,
but with a focus that
goes more towards heaven
than towards the negative.
So what they want
to express with that
is that they say they
accept the negative
but they want more positive
to counterbalance that.
So you have
actually-- and this is
why you have seven
corners in this logo.
So you have four corners
that are pointing
towards the positive and
three corners that are
pointing towards the negative.
So they are actually allowing
for disaster and conflict
to take place but they always
want to learn from that
and have the approach that
even the negative is actually
leading towards the positive,
if that makes sense.
>> EMERY: The first examples
of that logo and our connection
to space are the symbols
from space agencies around
the world.
Why haven't we seen that symbol
in our world before the space
agencies?
>> TIM: Oh, you have
seen that symbol.
So if you take a $1
bill, you will actually
see the pyramid on it.
So you will see the pyramids
as a representation of that.
So basically, all
the stories that we
have around deities
and beings contacting,
for example,
ancient Egypt, these
are all incidents that are
thought by the Council of 7 way
back in time.
And even if you think
about Jesus and the idea
that comes from that, and if
you compare it, for example,
to Nietzsche who had this
thought that the first story
of Jesus is actually
incomplete because there
is no resolution to the
positive in that way,
this is part of the Council of
7's idea of the negative needs
to transmute into the
positive at some point.
>> EMERY: Tim, are you
suggesting that every pyramidal
structure on Earth throughout
history is a symbolic
representation of the
Council of 7 and the Level 7
consciousness?
>> TIM: Yes, that's true.
And especially if you think
about the material pyramids
always having a non-material
equivalent outside of time,
which is more or less the
opposing pyramids that is not
being seen below it, then
you can also draw the line
towards the logo
of the Council of 7
saying that there must be more
positive in the world that
counterbalance the negative.
>> EMERY: Here on Earth, we
have the A-shape or arrow-shaped
logo symbolizing their
relationship to the Council
of 7.
And through them, the
Andromedans are first.
Is that the pecking
order of the pyramid?
>> TIM: That is
the pecking order.
So actually, the
first representation
are the Andromedans or
the Council of Andromeda.
What I've been told
what's going on
is that planet Saturn acts
as the number one meeting
point for these kind of
advices and suggestions
and strategic meetings.
And that they use
some very exotic, more
or less holographic
representations of themselves
in order to get this information
from the Council of 7
down to the Council
of Andromeda.
And Andromeda actually
is responsible
for the solar system, especially
for the contact with Earth.
They have as much as I
know, a human-like species.
So Andromeda has a very
closely related human species
that is also a warring
species as well.
And they stand in contact with,
for example, the US military,
the advanced covert military,
and different other militaries
as well.
>> EMERY: Tim, when we see
these symbols on Earth and space
agencies and TV
shows or even films,
is that acknowledgment that
there is a conscious connection
and communication with the
Andromedans and Council of 7?
>> TIM: Yes, 100%.
I don't know about
the television
shows which is kind of curious.
I've also seen that I think
Stargate and Star Trek,
they all have this
kind of symbol.
I'm not quite sure why that is.
It might be that
the media itself
are part of this initiative
in that way in order
to tell maybe the public that
this is an official program
in order to bring people closer
to the idea of space travel
and portal technologies.
But this is just an
assumption but all
the other different
organizations and groups
that have this
arrow in the logo,
they all want to show to each
other that they are part of it.
And because they are
only using the arrow that
is pointing upwards, they are
also kind of showing each other
that they should be well
positively perceived
in that way, that
they are the good.
Yeah.
>> EMERY: Even though
certain nations appear to be
in conflict on Earth, are all
the agencies connected to space
unified?
>> TIM: Yes.
They are all unified by this
very strong and functional
reality field that comes
from the Council of 7.
And they allow for
the conflict on Earth
to take place because they
know that this ultimately
will lead to peace, which
is kind of a curious idea,
but if you think about
it and zoom out of time
and see it then, if you
reflect on the negative,
then it ultimately will
always lead to the positive.
>> EMERY: Tim, explain how the
dominance of a warrior race can
lead to peace.
>> TIM: Well.
It's the experience.
So it seems like the
universe at least
in this version of the
universe, the universe
has this tendency to--
this tendency towards drama,
towards chaos, and such.
But there's no way--
there seems to be no way
around it at, least not--
well, we don't know
another way right now.
So if anyone comes
up with another way,
that's pretty beautiful.
But right now, the assumption
is that the universe needs
to play that out in some way.
And it seems like--
so the Council of 7 was
the first life form that
actually completed this game.
If you want to see the
universe as a game,
then they are the first
who took away the, well,
the medal in that way.
>> EMERY: And what is the role
of humans, space agencies,
warring races, and the
Council of 7 as guardians?
>> TIM: So basically, the new
formed Space Force in the US,
they are also
carrying that logo.
And they also attributed
to them their intention--
they call themselves
the guardians.
So this is an approach
to tell everyone
that their intent
is actually to guard
and to protect planet Earth.
So they also see
themselves as a positive,
as a light warrior in that way.
So we are always--
we're talking a lot
about the concept of what
we would call the
light warriors,
so positive militant
force that actually
plays by certain rules.
So we have a huge set of
legislative and warrior rules
that are actually coming
from the Council of 7.
And it's not possible
even though it
sounds like a huge
mess in that way,
but it's not
possible for everyone
who's contributing to the idea
and the reality of the Council
of 7 to just have their way.
They could not go out in
space and blow up a planet
or invade certain planets.
They can do that, but they have
to get admission and allowance
from the Council of 7.
>> EMERY: Would you
say the Council of 7,
with the arrow-shaped symbol,
working with the space agencies
on Earth, are they acting
benevolently for a higher
purpose?
>> TIM: Yeah.
It's kind of hard
to acknowledge that.
But their own approach and their
own understanding of themselves
is that they are
benevolent, yes.
So even though it doesn't
seem to be that way, actually,
because there's so much
cruelty and gore and hate
going on this planet, Earth
is actually still considered
one of the positive benevolent
planets and organizations.
So if you were to
talk to someone
from the new-founded Space
Force or all these other space
forces around Britain,
Germany as well,
if you speak about their
own self-perception,
they would all say they are
the good, the benevolent.
And from the understanding
of the Council of 7,
they would confirm that.
>> EMERY: The leader of
the nation decides to take
aggressive action
towards another nation,
would that government be
read into the higher order
of the A-shaped organizations
connected to our space
councils?
>> TIM: There are direct
exchanges between all those
groups that carry the A-shape
in the logos with the Council
of 7.
That doesn't necessarily
mean that everyone
who is in government or in
different other organizations
that they take direct
advices and suggestions
from the Council of 7.
So I've met some high
level politicians
and I would say that
the front row of them
have no idea about
what's going on.
It's more or less the
second row of people
that are included in
certain organizations that
are more secretive in that
way, get the real information.
And still, any conflict that
is taking place on Earth
is actually allowed, kind
of OK to the Council of 7.
So if a foreign
leader decides to--
the country has
certain organizations
that are referring or
answering to the Council of 7,
then an individual
is still allowed
to get in conflict with that.
But this would always mean that
the groups and organizations
that are actually related
to the Council of 7
will then get some
kind of advice
in order to balance that out.
So we might see
that, for example,
in the secrecy of the UFO
topic, where things are going on
behind the scenes,
but there's also,
and this is probably
the reason why
you find this
arrow-shape in Star Trek
and Stargate and
different other movies,
this is the balancing
process, you know,
of balancing out the
secrecy behind the scenes.
>> EMERY: How does
the Council of 7, Tim,
allow this malevolence to
dominate the planet the way
that it has?
>> TIM: Because it's part of the
universal play in their eyes.
So even the disastrous
and an enormous amount
of physical force,
killing, gore, or whatever,
it's still part of
the way the universe
or this version of the
universe is behaving.
So they see it as a natural
thing to accept in that way.
>> EMERY: So from your
background in governance within
secret access programs, where
do you see humankind heading
in the next 5 to 10 years?
>> TIM: So we have several
different options where we
could have.
So one thing is that we have
to, while the military did
a good job in order to clear
the situation on the surface,
one of the biggest concerns
actually is the social dynamics
that we still have.
So I talked about
the tribal nature
of humans, which is
different sample groups that
are opposing each other and are
in conflict with each other.
So that has to be cleared.
I know that statistics
and analysis
say that a planetary
government is actually
effective for most planets.
So if we compare that with
different other planets,
it's been seen that a planetary
government is something that
solves this administrative
issues that we have,
and this is something of
concern for different groups,
again, because we've seen this
development from the 1950s
that certain advanced group just
broke away from the mainstream
just because they felt
like, in your case, congress
or presidents or world
leaders, elected leaders
would not actually be
quick enough in order
to decide for certain things.
So this is the interest
of certain advanced groups
that there's a much quicker
administrative level
on this planet.
And I would also say
that the nature of it
is that the planet itself
has for far too long
dealt with an isolated--
or played in isolated situation.
So we're actually dealing
with an open system situation
right now and more and
more of this information
has been known to, well,
conventional groups
and even floating into the
mainstream more and more
because that's where the
personnel is coming from,
that's where companies,
upcoming companies need
to put their focus on.
So that's going to be the
future or that's going
to be the upcoming situation.
>> EMERY: Tim, thank you so
much for being on the show.
It's always great having you.
>> TIM: Thank you so
much again for having me.
>> EMERY: I'm Emery Smith and
this is Cosmic Disclosure.
Until next time.
[THEME MUSIC]